Welcome to Hollywood, California, everybody.
Harmontown is now in session.
The meltdown show is gone, but Harmontown persists.
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden then everybody.
And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
Okay, you know, there's warm-up and then there's show-stealing.
You know, you might want to just cool it down a little bit.
What are you afraid of, Dan?
Are you afraid that I will overshadow you with my pre-show antics?
Yeah, because they involve, like, exercise and stuff.
What am I supposed to do?
That's why I do it pre-shows that you don't have to get in a lather.
Well, yeah, but then it's like job of the hut following Luke Skywalker.
Did you see me chop that cigarette in half with a whip?
Yeah, you used the force. I'm so proud of you.
You should have your own trilogy of movies, and I should just be a big fat thing at the beginning of the worst one.
We get it.
Are you going to freeze me in carbonite? Just to be a dick?
And to create 40 years of awkward soaps and chocolates.
Wait, there's Han Solo frozen chocolates?
Oh, yeah, man. I shouldn't say awkward because I love them.
I have carbonite Han Solo ice trays.
Like little rubber things that you can put. You can have Han Solo frozen and carbonite ice in your drink.
They melt so fast because of his little fingers.
It's not ideal, but there's soaps and chocolates and stuff.
Yeah, soap's the way to go because you can just leave it out in ornamental Han Solo soap.
Han Sopo.
You guys heard the name Katie May, the unfortunate model actor, and they just found out that she died mysteriously, but they traced it to...
She went to the chiropractor. This is just my fucking... I'm not to make her tragedy about me, but I was like...
But if you did, it would go a little something.
She went to the chiropractor and he just like adjusted her to the point where then she went home and just without realizing it kind of slowly died.
It pinched something that she must have just...
And it was like, it sounds like an urban legend, but she just like went home and was like just laying there and must have been...
I mean, we don't know what happened in her final hours, but the cause of death was...
I've never gone to the chiropractor again.
My girlfriend has like stiff neck issues and she always asks me to crack her back. Am I going to kill her one day by doing it?
I mean, I'm still...
Okay. So just another thing to worry about. Just keep playing video games and just like...
Let's convince her that it's really dangerous so I never have to do it again.
Speaking of safety, now this is the reason why in the months ahead I'm struggling very hard to create a Graham Norton feedback loop.
I want the show to evolve to the point where you people...
What do you mean you people?
You white people can...
Is what I usually mean.
Can see what the people on the stream are seeing so that you know...
I'm not saying the goal is to become a real TV show for God's sake.
I mean, no, that'd be terrible.
But I'm just saying you'll have a lot more fun because I can show you this Instagram of this lady.
Maybe you've seen it. This is a beautiful woman. A beautiful specimen of humanity.
I don't mean physics. Well, now what am I doing saying she's ugly?
Not my first choice.
I'm using beautiful in a spiritual way.
I'm saying this is amazing. Somebody took on a plane of a woman at Kelly Oxford re-Instagram.
I don't know where this source is from, but it's this woman and she's sitting on an airplane.
She's got the neck pillow so her head's propped up. She's sound asleep and clipped to the neck pillow.
It looks like a neck brace. It's almost like she has whiplash.
It's like one of those pillows. It's just holding her head perfectly still.
Clipped to the neck pillow is a laminated card, like a pristine type of graphically graceful.
It's like the letting is perfect, like the kerning everything.
And it's laminated and it has a little clip on it. It clips right to her neck pillow.
And I don't want to make sure I get it right because she's a woman of exactitude who is...
Fuck, fuck, fuck, where is it? Where is it? Oh, here it is.
It says, please wake me for snacks and drinks. Thank you.
It was amazing to me because the caption that sums up your visceral reaction immediately is from the...
There was some person responded immediately with like, this bitch is my hero.
Which kind of sums up the dichotomy because it's kind of like you're jolted by her having demands and entitlement and all this stuff.
But she's managing all of it.
But that says so many things. She travels a lot first off.
And she also likes to get her little disease on the plane.
But also, don't call her late for dinner.
It's kind of amazing because you're so used to the dichotomy being, oh, there's people who are Zen who are in the moment.
And those are the good people and there's the uptight, schedule-based people and those are the bad people.
But no, nothing's ever that simple. This is a person who clearly...
She plans her shit out. She has foresight.
But she's also at the same time kind of a life master.
There's a lot of Zen people who are so fucking irritated.
Because they just use Zen as an excuse to be flaky and fuck up your day, right?
I bet she's a really considerate house guest.
There's probably a really good chance that she's not...
She would leave you a note and probably give you a nice little gift when she left you twice.
Yeah, she probably does her own dishes and all that shit.
It's just something about that because it's not like a shitty marker thing.
And also, she's like, again, please, comma, wake me for snacks, ampersand drinks. She's an ampersand exclamation point.
Thank you, exclamation point.
I like that you started off by saying letting and kerning, by the way.
That shows off your...
But it's just like she used it. It's not...
It's center-justified.
It's not left-justified, but it's also not like shitty, like fucking like...
Can I see the photo?
I don't know that I have it. I don't have it off hand. I just like...
I'll check it down.
But like six months from now, I'll go zap, and it'll be on the thing, and America will be like,
yay, and then she'll be like, you owe me money, and then we'll...
And then CBS will be like, we'd like to buy you, and then we'll be like, yay,
and they'll be like, but she can't say anything bad about Jim Belushi.
What could you possibly say bad about Jim Belushi,
except for the fact that he pissed on the olive jar at the craft service in front of his costars?
I overheard a guy at dinner tonight who was...
I don't know if I can do this justice, but it was like...
There was a couple over at the other dinner table that we were eavesdropping on,
and the guy was going like, he goes like, no, it's extreme pilates.
You know, I've been doing Wonder Bar...
She goes like, no, you know, I've been doing Wonder Bar for about three years,
and he goes like, well, yeah, but no, you've been doing this other thing,
and he was correcting her, and he's like, honey, I mean, no.
I'm telling you what you were doing was sitting upright in bed doing these things,
and he's explaining to her, and then he goes like, I mean, now it's hard...
I'm telling you, now, they have one down the street, and I mean, now it's hard court.
Now it's a legitimate workout. I mean, before it was gay.
And then there was a pause, and then I heard him very quietly go like, I shouldn't say gay.
And I was like, well, either you should, either you're fine.
I don't think anyone was going to come over to the table and go, excuse me, that's really offensive.
You know what I mean? Because you sound super gay.
And it made me think, like, is that when gay people...
Go on, Dan.
I forgot what they were.
You're doing great. You're doing great.
Humans, when gay folk...
That pause was me trying to, like, do I want to get specific gay men?
When gay people, do they, in conversations with loved ones and or each other,
do they police each other on the use of gay to be a derogate, to be, like, kind of, like, using it?
You know, I don't know.
And also, like, this guy, I also took that to mean, I was like, oh, this guy, he's straight.
But, like, boys, he's got a...
He's worrying about something he does not have to worry about.
Because he's, like, ostensibly the reason you're, like, backpedaling on that is, like, oh, I shouldn't say gay.
Like, the unspoken part of that is, I shouldn't say that because someone...
It's the wrong idea.
Someone walking around here might get offended.
They might, like, and it's like, no one's going to get offended.
You sound gayer than the Statue of Liberty.
Okay.
Like, everyone would just be like...
One of the most famous gay icons.
Like, Nathan Lane could be walking his seven Chihuahuas by and overhear you and he'd say,
way to take it back.
You know, that's how it's done.
Like, you have nothing to worry about, sir.
Man, eating the arugula salad at little Dom's.
Did you just out the Statue of Liberty?
Come on.
She's looking at her.
She's always hanging out with the Staten Island fairy.
Hello, hello, hello, joke from 1983.
She's French.
She's carrying a book.
Yeah.
She's holding a torch for some fucking lady.
For some chick.
All right.
So I think that's enough.
That's enough of my business.
Our guest tonight is another podcasting hero.
The reason I'm familiar with this podcast, I just became familiar with it is because
my girlfriend Cody, her mom, Randy, mama LaRusso from Karate Kid.
His girlfriend's mom is the mom from Karate Kid.
That's never going to stop being the coolest fucking thing I've ever heard of.
She also played Rizzo on Broadway in Grease.
Yeah.
She's a fucking...
But she'll always be mama LaRusso to me.
But a lot of people actually...
She was on Mad Men as the...
I can't remember the character's name, but she was just...
Whatever.
It doesn't matter.
It's not about her.
You haven't even said hi to Spencer.
You're going to bring in a guest and you haven't even addressed Spencer over.
Yeah.
Don't...
You know the tradition of addressing Spencer before you bring out the guest.
Yeah.
It's bad luck.
It's a severe...
Spencer, how are you?
Oh, I'm so good, you guys.
I know he's just using this as a time to pour himself a drink.
Oh, man.
Wow.
Nimble is a mountain goat.
Oh.
It's in the way that she uses.
Hey.
Oh.
Woo.
Dude.
That's a real weapon.
Yeah, those...
Oh.
What is happening?
People are wielding things.
It looks like a...
What are we looking at precisely here?
That is horrifying.
Exactly.
Eli Roth is here tonight with a prop from his next movie.
Do you want to try it?
No.
Come on.
Let's not devolve.
No.
What is this?
Let's just keep it.
This is my scepter.
It's a weird...
What is it made of?
It looks like it's wax.
Is this wax?
It's a...
It's an elm stick from Sedona covered in wax from my house.
Would you like to come up here?
Yes.
One second.
I've got scepter questions.
What in the Joshua Tree is going down?
This is...
The audience is in an uproar right now.
For the listener who's not live streaming this one, you're wearing...
Is it like a bathrobe?
What do you have on it?
I prefer to call it my prophetic mantle.
Prophetic mantle?
Yes.
That's what I prefer to call it from now on.
I love that.
Do you have a smart satchel with you?
Kind of a tote?
A bit of a Masonic apron bag.
And you have Mork and Mindy headband on?
That's right.
It says gay in the back.
It says gay in the back, but business is in front.
It's an election thing.
I'm with her.
Gay in the back, voting lever in the front.
What's your name?
Joey.
And you're from...
Sovo.
Wait, is this...
Provo, Utah.
Yep.
Are you just visiting California?
Yes.
I have my brother and his partner, spouse, and yeah, we're visiting.
Okay.
Well, you guys all came together.
You're not visiting them.
That's right.
From Utah.
What are you doing, what else are you doing?
In Utah, I promote myself as the reincarnation of Joseph Smith.
Which has a built-in audience there.
And you just do what you...
Wait, but that didn't answer my...
No.
Is that what you're doing here?
Are you kind of on a pilgrimage?
A mission?
Right.
Well, so I was here on the 200th episode recording of your podcast, and it was amazing.
And I don't know...
Thank you.
It was after the show, so I don't know if you remember, but I actually gave you a hat that
my brother and his spouse and I actually stenciled the name...
Ernest Hemingway.
That's right.
I have that in my closet.
Oh, yeah.
And I regularly look at it and go, what the fuck is that?
Yes.
I was just...
Cody just...
And I were just looking at that.
And she said, it's cool.
She was about to wear it, and I was like, don't wear that.
What is that?
No.
There's another hat for her.
Yeah.
But I also gave one to Spencer, and it said...
Oh, yeah.
Waldo Pierce, and then you got one that said Ezra Pound.
Yes.
So I just...
You had been talking...
How did we all forget you?
Most only in Los Angeles.
Pacific prison in the world.
Gotta work harder than this, folks.
Good luck.
I'll do what I can.
I've run into so many guys wearing daycoats that pretend to be Mormon's prophets.
Well, the truth is, he does kind of blend around here, and that's a good thing, not a bad thing.
Yeah.
Bad thing for your publicist, good thing for society.
It definitely stands out in Provo, not so much in LA.
What do you got in your Masonic satchel there?
What do you have there?
Well, this is a medic droid for my nephew.
Okay.
Is that what, IG-88?
What is it?
What do you say, medic droid?
That's the only one I remember.
I don't remember.
Oh, yeah, that's some new crap.
He's like a no-face.
And...
I mean, I want to see some shamanic shit in there.
I want to see, like, you have some sort of rune stones or something.
What the...
Oh.
Oh, shit.
Okay.
Put that away.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, we also have our guest that I was...
Who must have the guest equivalent of Blue Balls right now.
We can handle...
I think Joey can...
You want to linger for a bit, Joey?
Sure.
Yeah, just...
I like your style, man.
Joey, you remind me of early Harmontown days when we would...
We kept just discovering, like, Levi's and...
Right.
And people, like, we had BJ Avril.
We had these great cast of gréviness.
Well, I'm a...
I'm a Facebook friend of Earthshine Jane.
I'm drinking out of her glass right now.
There you go.
Yeah.
And we're going to be interviewing her on our own podcast, The Pulpit, in a few days
when she visits Utah.
All right.
Now, when you say that you're...
That you...
You bill yourself as the reincarnation of Joseph Smith.
Is that for real?
Like, you actually go around, like, spread in the good word of the letter?
That's very real.
Yes.
Yeah.
Well, so...
And not to...
Not to frustrate your distinguished guests any longer, but...
He is extinguished at this point.
That's the problem now.
But I do circulate the past lives of certain individuals.
So, you three individuals were friends during the lifetime of Waldo Pierce as a pound Ernest Hemingway.
And we're part of that lost generation that kind of, you know, went to France and had some fun.
And you killed yourself.
So...
Spoilers!
That was after...
And you had wanted to know a lot about the simulation during the 200th episode.
So, that's why I went to kind of let you know how the data conservation works in this simulation.
Where we just recycle your...
Oh, it's using...
Yeah, that would make sense.
Like, in video games, it's like, oh, that's clearly that other character with a hat.
That's right.
It's like, yeah, that makes sense.
Of course.
All right.
Joey, how many times have you been to Harmontown?
Just twice now?
This is the second.
The first time was he...
He gave us warnings we did not heed.
But now he's back to wonder why...
Now he has a fantastical rainbow schlong stick, which is really good.
I'm pretty sure if you drop this, it turns into a snake, right?
A waxy, a waxy, creepy snake.
Just to be clear, you said, you said this is a stick from your home...
From your home?
No, not from your home.
It's a doma.
Arizona.
Don't forget Sedona.
Land of Sticks.
No, don't forget Winona.
And wax from your house.
That's right.
All right.
Wait.
So you have your own wax supply at home?
I do.
All right.
Well, so anyways, so this amazing podcast that we started listening to, to help put us to sleep,
the conceit of the podcast is a sincere attempt to put you to sleep.
It's for insomniacs.
It claims on the surface, but it's endlessly entertaining as well.
There's no wrong way to use it.
He goes into all that stuff.
It's very, very smart, amazing guy.
Please listen to his podcast, Sleep With Me, if you haven't already after this.
But let's get to know our new friend, Drew Ackerman.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's nice.
All right.
Good move.
Hello, Drew.
Drew, meet Joey.
Hi.
Hey, what's up?
Do you have any past life info on me?
Do I want to know?
Tarot cards.
I'll work on that.
Okay, great.
Oh, shit.
Wait, I said you have shamanic shit.
You're hiding tarot cards in your satchel?
Are you going to do a reading right now?
Well, no, I'll just be doing it.
Yeah, do a little background tarot on this and whenever you feel like something significant pops up.
That's right.
Okay.
All right.
Right there on the floor.
Fine.
Can you let me know when, you know, wait, you already did let me know?
Does that mean she's here?
Yeah, she's here.
Oh, she's here.
Okay.
Well, she's on the schedule too.
Let's hear from Drew.
Thanks for coming, Drew.
Thank you.
Would you mind terribly?
I'll do this Halloween intervention right now.
Doing the, because I begged her to come down and she's, she had food simmering on the stove.
I just want to bring her out to go over a little kerfuffle we had in text.
You remember our friend, my neighbor, Beth Bootson.
Bootson?
Bootson, pantson, bootson, pantson, bootson, pantson, bootson, pantson, bootson, pantson, bootson, pantson, bootson, pantson, bootson, pantson.
Bootson!
All right.
This show is a.
This show is a cavalcade of stars.
Lay that staff across there.
All right, Beth.
Thank you so much for coming down.
I know it was like, I, you know, you, you sped out of your house.
I invited you last minute because I thought, well, geez, we had this thing.
It was a flare up.
It was a neighborly flare up.
All right.
And I'm scrolling back in our conversation.
Okay.
And it's easy because you marked it with that photo.
All right.
So Beth, as you know, she came on the show with her son Timmer.
Yeah.
Who was doing the haunted house.
And then Timmer, the son came on again last week.
With spooky, spooky one direction.
Haunted house with his friends.
Yes.
So the following day, Monday, 10, 11 a.m., I get, so what do we want to do?
Do we want to, do we, last time we, I read your parts and you read my parts, but maybe,
why don't we just.
You know what, I think it's actually, based on all your language, maybe it's better if
you just read your own.
I'll read my own.
All right.
Beth, I can't see.
Are you on a mic?
You have a microphone?
Here, I'll do it right here.
Yeah.
Eat that mic.
Okay.
So I'm in there.
So then this happened and I'm just, you know, I don't want to take up too much of Beth's
time, but I also didn't want to, I don't want to talk about this and like, I don't even
know what happened.
Well.
It's like, like, like, so I guess we just start.
Yes.
So the, the last Sunday, my son and his friends came on and his friends were wearing gas masks
and he came on to tell you about his haunted maze.
So the next morning I text Dan and I said, hi Dan, last night we got a visit.
We believe it was from one of your diehard fans.
Whoever it was stole Tamar's apocalyptic wasteland banner off of our garage door.
And then she sends a picture of the, of the, of the banner.
Let me see if I can show.
Now what evidence did you have?
I'll handle this for a 45 minute fight.
Because I have, I have minor justice issues.
Dan has huge justice issues, so let's see what goes down there.
I have medium justice issues.
We're like the bears.
Yes.
And then Spencer, your justice issues are just right.
Yeah.
All right.
So, so I wrote, I sent this to Dan and then I said, the price of knowing Dan Hormann.
And I put a very surprised look of those little, what do you call them?
Mochis.
A sticker.
And, and, and then I wrote it again by accident and I said, oops.
Okay.
So.
And then I put, grrr.
You have to say, this sounds like you had a little wine.
With an angry face.
Okay.
These are wine texts.
All right.
So then I said, why on earth would you assume an adult podcast listener would do something
like that instead of a high school student?
And then I wrote back.
I said, why would a high school student even want it so bad that they would steal it?
It has more value to the person who has something that's connected to you.
A little piece of Dan Hormann.
That's a stretch.
Jesus.
They know my house is next door.
If they wanted a piece of me, they could take something from me.
My audience is nice people.
It makes for a great story, we will put everything away in our garage now.
They wouldn't be going to your haunted house to do anything but support you.
Some of your fans are nice, normal people.
Some of them are obsessed with Dan Hormann people.
That's true.
Your fans are fascinated that we live next door to you.
It's okay.
I'm not mad at you.
We'll just make a new one.
How could we possibly know if it is a Dan Hormann fan?
We just had a suspicion.
The boys are already excited to make a new one and they've got a great story.
You may not be mad at me, but I can't think of a reason to share that suspicion with me
other than to solicit feelings of guilt.
Not to make you feel guilty.
It's not your fault.
It's more a story of interest.
Don't you find it interesting?
Would you want me to express shame or remorse about this thing just because you have a
weird theory connecting it to me?
What if my dog got poisoned and I texted you saying I knew your friends did it?
That would be really thoughtless of me because if I respected you as a human being, I'd have
to know laying something like that near you would cause you anxiety.
It's funny.
We're rather humored about it, flattered in a way.
Saying you're humored and flattered that one of my fans stole your stuff is still saying
one of my fans stole your stuff.
It's weird to say that.
We don't know if it was one of your fans.
You don't know either.
So drunk.
Just like you could smell the Chardonnay on these texts.
This is 10 a.m. though.
I mean, no judgment.
Notwithstanding.
We'll never really know.
It's just a suspicion.
We're not blaming you.
It's just a possibility.
We still love you no matter what.
Think how cool it would be to have the banner on one's wall and be able to say that it came
from one of Dan Harmon's episodes.
Maybe it was a prankster.
Just was a coincidence.
You don't have fans that are a little out there?
Well I do have a crazy neighbor that accuses strangers of stealing shit, but I don't know
if she's a fan or not.
I didn't accuse you.
I said strangers.
I didn't accuse a stranger.
I suspect it.
You don't really know.
Thought it was a possibility.
Thought it was a coincidence.
Thought it was interesting.
It's a possibility that ISIS took it.
You didn't text the president.
And it wouldn't be coincidence if a random, unknown, unrelated person took something from
a haunted house that was open to the public.
It would be incidents.
If I thought that someone would do that to you guys that respected my show, I'd be livid
and embarrassed.
I have a neighbor sharing information with a neighbor who just happened to have an episode
on his podcast relating to a neighbor's haunted maze the very same night the banner goes missing.
It's just a coincidence.
There's a cardboard sign on the street corner that says haunted house.
Has nobody been coming other than podcast people?
Do they have podcast logos on their foreheads?
Is there a sign in sheet?
And all the people that came wrote Harmontown in the who sent you column.
You are livid.
You take responsibility for all your fans.
You know that none of them would ever do that.
You know that none of them would even consider that.
Do you consider them your children?
Have I offended you because I said that it is a possibility that one of your fans may
have taken it?
Yes!
You have!
It's an offensive thing to do.
Look up the word offense.
I did not accuse you.
This is not about you.
Why are you taking this so personally?
This has nothing to do with you.
I'm not blaming you.
Then why did you text me about it?
Because I had suspicions that it could possibly be one of your fans.
So it has something to do with me.
No, it doesn't.
So you expected me to laugh and say, haha, that's funny that someone in my podcast audience
stole your property.
You joked about two episodes ago that you were afraid that if you gave our address
away that everyone would know whereabouts you live and that you would come home to
find a stranger in your kitchen.
I would be upset for you if that happened.
I wouldn't consider it a normal human response to be amused by Timber's property being stolen
even if it was by a complete random person.
I would just say, oh, that's too bad.
I wouldn't say, haha, that's funny.
So imagine how much weirder it would be to say, haha, to someone stealing Timber's stuff
if it wasn't a complete random person but it was someone somehow doing it because of
my show.
The normal human response to the idea of that would be for me to say, oh, god, that's fucking
awful.
I can't believe someone did that.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't expect you to laugh.
I didn't expect you to get mad, though.
I was making a joke.
You didn't find it funny but it really was an attempt of light humor that was taken very
seriously.
Sorry.
Thank you for being such a cool neighbor.
You take the high road and I'll take the low road and I'll be in Scotland before you.
People always want to hear about what it's like to live next to Dan Harmon, a peek into
him.
Well, your joke was that your son had to pay a price for living next door to me.
That would be something that I would feel terrible about and you kind of committed to
the joke to the point of arguing for a really long time that we should definitely assume
someone that listens to the show did it.
It wasn't very clear and still isn't.
Which part is the joke?
Do you still honestly believe it's more likely that someone from my audience did it and the
joke was that it mattered at all or was the joke that you suspected it was someone from
the audience and you just have a very strong commitment to humor?
Dan, can we take that one again but faster this time?
Oh, Dan, it was a stupid joke.
I'm not that mad.
Set with balloons, but I have to fixate on my writing now.
I'm way past a morning deadline and getting yelled at.
Please forgive me.
I forgive you nutty pants.
No harm intended.
Hashtag neighbors for life.
That's a good ending.
I like the new hashtag harm intended.
And then I sent him an emoji that is the emoji where the guy's eyes are googling like this
and there's the crazy guy.
So I'm not saying that you're nuts.
I said, well, maybe just a little.
All right.
Well, I guess.
So, you have the pulpit.
Do you still think that one of my...
That we can still be friends?
Well, do you still think one of my fans took your tarp?
I took the fucking tarp.
It's in my car.
I knew it.
Well, I...
Who won the tarp?
I used to steal anything that wasn't nailed down.
Maybe...
Well...
But it's got to be a teenager unrelated to the show.
This had black gorilla tape that it was taped all to the garage and it was very, very...
It looked like a little kid that had taped it to the garage and it was big and it was...
I just think it's kind of a really, really weird coincidence that...
Hold on.
I don't know.
That the night...
Don't get mad all over again.
I'm trying to be mad.
Let me ask you guys, because you're his fans, is it a strong coincidence that it could be...
I'm not saying it's you.
I'm sure most of you are very normal, nice people.
I'm sure some of you are nice people, but a lot of you are bringing crime.
Yes.
A lot of you are rapists.
Possibility.
I'm sure some of you are nice.
Some of you are stealing signs.
Is it a possibility that one of you could have driven to our house because we live next
door to Dan Harmon?
I think it's as likely that you stole this sign yourself so you can get back on the show.
There's in a world where anything's possible, there's no need to focus in on the possibility...
I just think it's very, very coincidental that the next morning that we had that episode
the night before, but nobody would have stolen...
So was this Monday night that this happened?
It happened Monday more Sunday.
When we went outside Monday morning, Monday morning, so it would have to be hearing or
a live streaming person that was nearby.
That somebody, you know, whatever it was, somebody, you know, somebody, one of you,
one of you!
Well, we'll continue to, I mean, I've come forward now.
We'll lower the lights and turn our backs, and if you took the apocalypse sign, put it
in there.
Are you giving him a chance to turn himself in?
Yeah!
Right.
Yeah, I mean, if you...
Well, yeah, if someone, someone, someone, someone returned, you can, you can...
Just bring it to NerdMelt.
Right.
Yeah, bring it here and drop it off.
Yeah, here's a way to do it.
If you returned the sign and you were a Harmontown family, you're listening to this right
now, and you did take it, which is really cool if you did.
Yeah.
That's like really awesome.
It's a very, very cool banner to hang on a wall.
Beth Bootson...
That somebody could say...
Beth, Beth, would you put $100 bounty on that if, if, if someone could prove that they were
a Harmontown fan?
Would you pay $100 to get that sign back?
Would I pay $100?
Yes.
To prove yourself right.
You know what?
I think Dan Harmon...
Whoa!
Oh!
Would pay $100.
But then if you took it, you can just make a $100 sign.
No, I would not.
I didn't take it.
Well, I didn't take it either.
But Dan Harmon, I think.
Okay.
You both have to, you have to match Dan's $100.
You both have to put $100.
200 clams if you're a Harmonian that stole that sign.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
You, Beth, are...
Wait.
No.
You're putting up $100.
But I would be right.
So...
Right, you'd be right.
I would be right.
But it would cost you $100 simoleon.
No.
You would be wrong.
Right, I'd be wrong.
Yeah.
So, the penalty for being wrong is that you have to pay $100.
Right.
So, what we're saying is...
Well, let me, wait, wait, wait, let me up the ante.
Okay.
Let me up the ante.
Physical challenge.
If we were to get that banner back, you have to pay the $100 and then autograph it for
the person.
And then it would be worth even more when they hang it on their wall.
Beth, you stole the banner.
You just won't.
No.
This is the fucking longest con I've ever seen.
Are you sick of the Haunted House?
This is like the stings.
Are you acting out against the Haunted House?
No, I'm...
Robert Redford's about to come out.
No.
I think this is a funny story.
And wouldn't it be interesting to find out who's right?
Great.
But we won't be able to...
One thing we really can do is say, if somebody gives it back anonymously, we can...
We still won't be able to reach the conclusion, you know, automatically that a Haunted Town
fan took it.
However, that person has the...
Whoever took it has the power to make it look that way.
And we're opening ourselves up and saying, even...
Like fine, if that person does that, would you be willing to pay any money for that?
Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, let's look at...
If it gets returned, I think Dan Harmon should autograph it, and we can hang it here on the
wall.
Oh, boy.
And...
Can I make a pitch?
Can I...
May I make a pitch?
I think anyone listening to this right now should go to that Haunted Maze, steal anything
you want.
Dan Harmon will autograph it for you.
Well, I'll make you this deal now.
Let's just go rob this fucking place.
I mean, starting with the airing of this show, anything that gets stolen is kind of this
podcast's fault.
Like, like, like, like, because...
I'm saying Harmonians now don't have the guts to go steal shit from the Bootson family.
We're putting everything in our garage now.
Wow, okay.
But, but anyways, all right, well, so, like, you...
Is it possible, if you think of a scenario in which there's someone who is so driven
by his obsession with Dan that he wants to steal...
Or she.
Why do you think that person would go to you and not go to Dan's house and steal from
Dan's house?
Because it was the night of our episode.
But that's backwards.
And the way they look at it, it's a really, really cool banner.
They could hang it on their wall.
That's like...
And...
That applies to anybody.
No, it applies to only Dan Harmon fans.
One of them.
Wouldn't this be cool to, like, wouldn't this be cool because I took it and it was related
to Dan Harmon because it was about the episode about Harmonian mazes?
All right.
Well, I feel like in this Gamera versus Mothra conflict that we have, like, like, the eucalyptus
tree thing, it was like, okay, I'm the bad person.
Your tree is fine, by the way.
You're the bad person in this case.
It survived those wins?
Oh, yeah, but you don't know.
You could be a disease eucalyptus tree and survive a million wins.
No, those trees are gone.
Yeah.
Well, anyways, but I do want to acknowledge, like, I texted you and said, will you come
down and read this shit?
And that's like, you had soup on the stove and you were in your pajamas and you came
down here looking at these clothes.
I'm still wearing my pajama top.
So, thank you so much and we're going to...
Let's hear it for Beth Bootson and...
Beth Bootson!
Well, don't forget to step by the haunted maze, just take every goddamn thing you can
get your hands on.
And if you bring back that tarp, yeah, the banner, Dan Harmon said he would sign it and
give you a hundred dollars.
Okay.
All right.
And if you don't bring it back, Jeff will give you a hundred dollars.
But I'm going to sign Beth Bootson.
All right.
Beth Bootson!
And the unsung hero of the Beth Bootson Chronicles, her husband, Dan, who I think drove her down
here last minute, probably went back there too, we've never even really met him.
Thank you, Dan.
I mean, he was out here once.
But he never spoke.
He just sat there...
In blissful silence.
The long-suffering Bootson husband.
They call him on the block.
Behind Beth's back.
That's what we all call him.
Oh, the long-suffering Bootson husband.
Again, let's take a bite of Drew Ackerman.
Thanks for coming up, Drew.
Good to see you.
All right.
All right, Drew.
Jesus, this is a poor guy.
I am so sorry.
I...
That was awesome.
Okay.
Had to...
It was a timely thing.
It wasn't, though.
It was a good podcaster.
You're just being respectful of her time.
So you're a podcast conceit, which is sincere, but I have to say also doubles his genius
comedy.
I mean, it's something about you that kind of, in a sublime way, rises above the dichotomy
of, is he doing a bit or is he for real?
You're kind of both.
You know how funny it is that you're for real about the fact that you're dulcet tones,
your way of speaking.
You have resigned yourself instead of, in a world where everyone's trying to distinguish
themselves and entertain, you were like, you know what, come to me when you want to go
to sleep.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, I think it's...
Even as a person that makes it, I look at it like, oh, I'm putting all this work into
something that no one listens in, and I'm a really anxious, obsessive person, so I'm constantly
worrying about it.
Oh, this isn't good enough, blah, blah, blah, blah, and then I'm like, holy shit, like,
if someone, like an outsider was watching this, they'd be like, dude, you're insane,
like, and some listeners even emailed me, they're like, why don't you just read from
the phone book?
Why do you spend so much time working on it?
And I'm like, well, I'm convinced that's what puts you to sleep, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, that's...
Yeah, and there was an article in New Yorker about you, about your podcast that talked
about that, that insomnia is not something that people have conquered.
It's a lot like the common cold.
It is, you know, people think it's so simple, but it persists because doctors can't really
get around it.
Because anything a doctor would prescribe to you, it becomes part of this labyrinth of
anxiety that keeps people awake.
You yourself suffer from insomnia, correct?
Yeah, yeah, like, I mean, the podcast, it was funny because last Sunday, you were kind
of talking about Sunday nights, and you were having a shitty night, and you're like, oh,
and for me, that's where the podcast came out of was like, I had the terrible time at
school.
And I would like, when Sundays were coming, I would not be able to sleep and I'd be like,
I'll worried.
And I was like, oh, I told my parents and they're like, drink some milk or like, you know, whatever
the...
And I'm like, no, you don't understand.
I like spend the whole night worrying and they're like, oh, and then I started listening
to Dr. Demento, like weird Al and stuff.
And it never put me to sleep, but it like took my mind off of like lying there and worrying
and thinking about going to school the next day and getting in trouble and stuff.
And yeah, I don't think like pills can work for some people.
There's different things that work for different people, but I think like a lot of people want
a bedtime story.
Yeah.
Now, what do you do exactly?
What makes you think that you're so narcotic that you can put people to sleep by talking?
What is it about you that...
Well, is it verifiable that people have said thank you, you knock me right out?
Yeah.
And your sponsors are mattresses and stuff.
Like...
And he has...
I think you have about as many listeners as maybe more than us.
I mean, he's very humble and self-effacing.
New Yorker never wrote shit about Harmontown.
But the New Yorker piece on you, which was June 2016, but they...
I copied and pasted this, it said, the ideal bedtime story, according to Natune Verma,
a national spokesperson for the American Academy of Sleep Medicine.
So the ideal bedtime story is one that doesn't build upon itself, like a movie with a lot
of parallel stories that don't connect at the end, which I thought was kind of interesting.
The children's books that our parents would sit with us, they do have a kind of like meandering
quality, they don't exactly like...
They're not die-hard.
They don't like...
Yeah, yeah.
You know, like the longer you're listening, the bigger the build is, oh my God, Hans Gruber
is gonna get it.
It's like, oh, and then this, and then the...
My mother would always read Beowulf to me, but I don't know how to read it.
But you...
When you first started doing the podcast, how many episodes have you done?
Because you do about three a week.
Yeah, like I've done like 400 and like more than 450.
How long have you been at it?
Since what year?
Like three years, so...
I think it was less time than we've been doing this podcast and has twice as well.
This...
Of course, the math would work out, Dan.
Yeah.
If you stacked his podcasts on top of ours, there'd be three times as many.
Because he does them three times a week.
If the moon was one from the earth, he'd have hit it three times.
Thanks, Dan.
But did you originally start doing it?
I didn't go back to the beginning.
Did you start trying to just straight up tell bedtime stories?
I was curious.
I was like, man, I liked listening to podcasts and comedy podcasts and stuff, and I was like,
man, why...
And this isn't like a knock on guided meditations or nature sounds, but it was always like something
that...
I'm an irritable person, so it would irritate me or the nature noises we'd get at.
I'd be like, why?
And I was like, why isn't there something that's a little bit weird but that has a bedtime
story.
There's also a factor, because you're such a smart, funny guy.
The thing is, I'm sure nature, those tapes, the people that tend to delve into that area,
they don't have...
God bless them, but they're not...
There's funny things that can happen that they don't acknowledge.
Yeah, they're not lying there thinking about, what are the bugs crawling around?
Where the hell is this rain?
Like Schrab
My partner Schrab was a partner friend, but he's a friend now.
He's a kind of a common lot of...
A life partner, yeah.
He tried to do...
He had a therapist that would make his own tape, he would give him tapes and sell them
to him.
This just happens at this point in the show, don't worry about it.
But one of the things...
I remember Schrab describing to me, oh yeah, I'm listening to this tape and this guy's
like talking to me about, you're going to be less intimidated in public, you're going
to be issuing these commands, but then clearly a screen door opens and some woman comes home
with groceries and there's these random sounds that happen.
People that put themselves in charge of your spirit and your essence, the danger there
is that the drawstring is pulled so...
The drawstring, the bowstring is drawn so tight that the slightest bit of humanity...
Like shoots an arrow across the room, it's very distracting.
You're from the outset...
The first episode that I listened to you do, you just had decided that you wanted to talk
about...
Well, you didn't decide, you talked about crackers for 30 minutes.
30 hardcore, like crack, like just the labyrinth of your mind.
I don't think I would fall asleep to that, I think I'd want to know all about it.
Just to think about, isn't there a cracker industry, that's what I was thinking about,
you got the green box crackers, you got the red box crackers, what other ones are there?
You have a whole national biscuit company, you've got the Nabisco, all of Trump's followers.
It brought me to the edge of my consciousness listening to the cracker thing and then what
you really got into was that you'd become obsessed with Rick Moranis and you wanted
to talk and I would drift in and out of consciousness and when I would drift back into consciousness,
you were still in what apparently was, I guess, a fantasy improv that was a conversation
between you and Rick Moranis, just for what seemingly, it seems like it's six hours.
The podcast started about two hours long but it seems like, that's the beautiful thing,
we use ocean waves and howler monkeys and things.
That drew, for somebody, I don't suffer from insomnia, I sleep pretty well.
Is this something that would put anyone to sleep or is it a certain mindset that goes
into this thing, I need this particularly to knock me out?
You would know pretty quick, the people that won't put to sleep hate me, they email me,
they're like, I fucking hate your voice, so it's pretty, because it is, like, damn
a sin, some people, certain things work for, they want to be led on this journey to find
the magical box within their soul or whatever, but that's just not me, I want something that's
goofy.
Do you ever slip in any words of bleminal stuff?
I tried a few times, yeah, and the sad thing was no one emailed me, I was like, okay, my
little ninjas, like I was pretending I was giving a seminar on profiting from boredom
or something, and then I was like, okay, now you're going to kill it, I didn't say kill
it.
How did you describe yourself when you were, in the episode you just did, if people listen
right now to the latest episode, you talk about your nervous coming out of the podcast
and you try to do my story circle model with a thing, it makes me feel like I ruined your
podcast because you're talking about my bullshit all night, but it was also brilliant, I mean
you were-
I'm sure lots of people fell asleep to that, damn it.
Yeah, no, I don't flatter myself that way, but in that episode you said, sometimes you're
explaining each podcast episode, you're explaining to people who might be new, you're telling
them how to categorize you, and this episode you said something like, I'm just that friend
of yours that you think, I'm your friend that you're allowed to think is a doofus, what
did you say?
Something like that, I mean that's kind of the conceit of the podcast is like, I mean
via podcast, like I'm coming over to your house, but you have no commitment to listen
to me, or humor me, or offer me a drink, I mean like almost like a super stone person
that won't stop talking, but instead of getting on your nerves, you're like, I'm just gonna
lie here and fall asleep, and they're like, totally, I don't care at all, let me tell
you about the time I showed over Rick Moranis' house and tried to pitch him to get back.
I might have mentioned this a long time ago in a Harmontown, but I was on a flight and
Alec Baldwin, this was a long time ago, like pre-30 Rock, was sitting across the aisle
from me, and he was sitting next to a woman who I don't think he knew, and I had the
Bose noise canceling headset on, so I could just barely hear him, and it was the greatest
thing to fall asleep to, he was like, you know when I was six I had this dog, this dog
ran away.
He told the story about this dog that ran away, I was like, I just drifted beautifully
off to sleep, like I want Alec Baldwin just to come over and just lay next to me and whisper.
Yeah, like I'm kind of like the boring crappy version of Alec Baldwin, but also weirder,
like I try to stay calm, I think that's another thing about the podcast is I tend to be really
anxious and spastic, but to do the show I've got to be like, I've got to calm down and
be like, well one, I can't believe Mrs. LaRusso lists this in a freaking podcast, but even
this would be like, okay there was just a woman on stage and it's clear to me, she's
so sick of her son's haunted house that she's trying to set up Dan, and I was pitching
her one night and she came out of the house, she checked Timor's door to see if Timor is
asleep, when you think about Timor, you're like, what does he have on his walls, what
posters does he have, and then I think about myself and I'm like man, I wish I didn't have
that, I could have never made a haunted house, like I think I started making it, so that's
kind of the podcast.
So it's all, it's all free association, do you prepare anything, you just totally riff
and just go with the flow?
So I do one free association one every week, then I do one, like that's like soft scripted,
like outline with dialogue, and then I do one on like TV shows, so right now I've been
watching, like there's a Colombian version of Breaking Bad, it's called metastasis, and
it's like, it's awesome, it's like a shot for shot remake, almost shot for shot.
So, and this is how ill I am, it's called metastasis.
Like tumors.
Yeah, because Walter White.
I never saw it, sorry.
One day.
They have to focus more on the cancer than the drugs in this version, because some things
are more shocking than others.
But yeah, like so I'll watch the Colombian version of Breaking Bad, then I'll watch Breaking
Bad, I'll take a ton of notes, and then I'll just be like, it's Walter Blanco, so I'll
be like, not Walter Blanco.
Walter Blanco.
But they left, they left Walter.
And Saul Bueno, Saul Bueno, it is really good, like the acting, it's not like a joke,
it's like, it made me appreciate Breaking Bad so much more.
What is it that draws you to it?
Because I think you said, you're actually kind of teaching yourself Spanish, or brushing
up on your Spanish?
I've learned about, I've watched 61 episodes, I probably, like twice, and I probably still
know the same words when I failed out of Spanish in high school.
But what is drawing you to that, because when I hear about that, I think, okay, I'd like
to watch a five minute clip of that, but what do you, so you're really, you're hooked on
a thing that you already know the story, and you're watching it.
I said he's a bit obsessive about your, yeah, I think it's like, well, one, it's like, from
making anything every single week, it's like, I got to watch it every week.
So like, people are like, oh, why don't you do something like the Smurfs or something?
And I'm like, well, I'd lose my mind, like I could watch two weeks of the Smurfs.
But Breaking Bad is a great show.
And then it's just interesting watching, like a kind of Colombian interpretation.
All right, so it's always giving you something, because it's lateral, I think, I get that
now, correct me if I'm wrong, this is maybe something that you wouldn't do at all if you
didn't have this podcast to contend with.
Exactly.
Like you're actually using it to like kind of charge a battery.
Yeah, because like, you know, when you're like, you're watching something and then you're
like, kind of like start playing around on your phone or whatever, like this, like I
have to be engaged in, I don't know, I guess like, because it's like, pointlessly challenging,
I don't know, but what about that drives me, but it's like, like almost like I was like,
I'm not going to watch 62, I'm going to watch 62 episodes of this Colombian Breaking Bad.
But then it's like, I have to find material in it.
So it's like, I'm mining and I'm watching their shirts and stuff.
And I'm like, oh, that's boring.
I could talk about a shirt for eight minutes, like no problem.
So we've got a mind capable of that.
And we've got somebody who also in the episode, not to spoil it, but you almost inexplicably
focus in trying to decode my story model, you've, you choose to use this amazing song
from a chorus line, the musical.
Why is that your favorite song?
Why and why?
Which song?
I feel nothing.
Nothing.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Like just because every day for a week.
Yeah.
It's a good song.
Well, like it just like, I think like it, it goes back to like why, why do certain people
can't sleep like overthinking people or people that obsess about stuff.
And it's like, that song does have some truth in it.
And then it has this like feeling for me.
It's like, oh wait, I'm dead inside.
Like so, so like, like I'm like, when I hear the song, I think about that.
Like, and I like it better because I'm like, okay, she's singing about this surface thing.
And then there's this whole other thing going on within the story of the song.
And then there's like the truth behind it, like, like, like, like just whatever happened
out here on the stage with the fricking haunted house.
It's like, like you could start to unpack that it's like, and I mean, the fact that
you talked, you text with your neighbor, that's great.
She texts with me and I respond every time I said, no, don't, don't, don't be sad.
It's she'll be fine.
She'll be back next week.
But, but, but I'm so intrigued by that because I just, you know, real quick, real quick,
this might be, might be prickly of me to say this.
How much zero to 100% do you think that she engaged you in that text conversation because
she thought it might parlay into being back up here?
I don't, I think, I think, zero percent, I think zero, I think zero percent at the
beginning and, and then 10%, 10% of the way through just like me.
I don't know.
I was like, I like, I'm not, I'm not, I don't mean that to disparage her in any way.
But like, is there, is there a part of her, like, like, does she love being up here so
much that like, like she engages with you for that?
You know, let's let that, let's, let's, let's, let's not be addicted to dichotomy.
I mean, what are we learning with this election?
Like, like, like, if we, if we follow the path of good person, bad person long enough,
we're going to end up in a fucking desert where we're going to lose our fucking minds
because like, like the truth is, like, we're all just different kinds of people.
And like, like, like, like, I just like, like, you know, is she, is she, is she a good neighbor?
Is she a bad neighbor?
Am I a bad neighbor?
Am I a bad person?
Like, should I let more light into my life?
Should I read her screenplay?
Is she an attention whore?
Is, is, is, is fame bad?
Is it, is, is everything, it's like these questions, like, like, like, I, my, my, my,
my epiphany lately in, in, in therapy and just in thinking about it and driving to work
with Spencer every day is just like, dichotomy is like a crutch.
Like dichotomy is laziness, is ideological laziness, like we've talked about this, like,
like the idea that it's things are one thing or the other is kind of like, it's, it's an
addiction and it's a comfort zone and it's like, I don't know, you know, like, like,
I'm not saying that it's binary that she is all one or all the other, but I'm not trying
to high road you also, I that sounds like, I sound like I'm a little high flown saying
that and answered your thing, but, but I also just like, I'm like, yeah, look, I don't know,
he's my neighbor, Beth, like she, like, she's like a character.
I don't know.
You know, Joey, let's check, check back in with you.
Did you get your tarot cards?
Joey.
Oh shit.
What card is that?
Joey, to his credit, has sat there in graveyard silence the entire time and just totally digging
it.
I'm very excited to be here.
Oh shit.
I love you, Joey.
So this is for you.
You are the king of cups.
I don't know the individual's name, but if anyone could find out who was the first person
to use ether to anesthetize therapeutically, that is who his past life was.
Isn't Dan the king of cups?
I'm in the night of cups.
Oh, that's like my favorite bugs money routine, too.
So the ether one, so you're saying that he is the, that he's the reincarnation of the
person that first used ether to anesthetize.
That's right.
Really?
So does that come to you?
Is that some sort of Da Vinic thing that happens?
We have a Google search.
Got our fans are awesome.
Okay.
They would never steal a sign.
Sorry, yeah, you know, but you know, I don't mean to kiss your ass, but you did notice
in that text conversation, I was kind of sticking up for you guys.
Human teeth are chloroform.
Yes.
Human.
Human teeth and chloroform.
It says that William Thomas Green Morton, who lived from August 9th, 1819 to July 15th,
1868, was an American dentist who first publicly demonstrated the use of inhaled ether as a
surgical anesthetic.
How'd he die?
1846.
He died on an ether bench.
I think he went on ether and cut his leg open and bled to death.
Oh, really?
That's why I asked.
Maybe that's chloroform.
That's my favorite scene and fear and loathing in the book by Hunter S. Thompson, where
he just pours ether on the floorboard of his car at the convertible, so he just wafts
up and he goes into circus, circus, and loses his fucking shit.
All right.
Let's see how you do it.
Well, sorry.
So back diving into...
It's 9-11.
It's the most wonderful time of the day.
When the planes are all falling and buildings...
Don't fucking do that.
You cheer for 9-11 every week.
That song on paper, I'm only familiar with the movie, but the lyrics to that song on
paper make me think that that is the story of somebody who is realizing that the dichotomy
of feeling versus not feeling is a flawed dichotomy and that she is escaping it and realizing
that she can cry.
In the end, what makes her cry is the fact that she is numb.
What makes her cry is her alienation.
That is not foreign to me, and I felt like you were kind of...
Yeah, that song is the idea that like, don't tell me to lie.
Don't tell me that I'm an ice cream cone.
Like, if you make me pretend to be an ice cream cone, I feel nothing, and then when
he died, she feels nothing.
But also, she feels nothing so passionately that maybe we need new language for feeling
versus not feeling, and that you don't want to rely on us.
Oh, you either know what an ice cream cone feels like or you're not empathic.
Are we talking about my girl, what is this?
Chorus Line.
Oh, Chorus Line.
On stage, I was with Greg Poops on stage last night, and I said a line in a dumb game,
and I said, who am I anyway?
Am I my resume?
And Greg said, am I a picture of a person I don't know?
And there's one girl in the balcony who was like, wow!
Because she was probably just in Chorus Line or loves that movie.
But those songs are really dark and really great.
So have you, Drew, felt throughout your life intellectually rattling and emotionally numb?
Does that lead to insomnia?
Does that lead to a connection with people who are, as you say, joining you across the
deep dark?
Talk about your relationship with the universe.
Do you think people are bad?
Do you hate everybody?
Do you look at them as like, I won't give you options, you just go.
I think it's like, my interest in doing the podcast came out of this miserable thing.
When I couldn't sleep and I'd be thinking about going to school, and I went to Catholic
school, and me and the nuns did not get along, they just fucking hated me.
I think I had undiagnosed dyslexia or something, and they were like, oh no, you're just lazy.
You have the ability to do the work, but you choose not to.
So then I internalize that whatever, it's like, okay, so it's you versus me.
So now I know the kind of deal, like a little bit of a dichotomy, because I was like a kid.
These authority figures are out to get me, and I'm this kid.
And I think that just led to me trying to figure stuff out at night, like I'd be lying
there thinking, well, what am I going to do?
What am I going to say?
And I think I still have this, well, am I going to be a good guest when I go on harm
time?
What am I going to do?
And there's like, oh, let me read some more about Dan.
But there's another thing that's like, oh, man, calm down.
And I don't have total access to that, except when I do the podcast, but it's like, oh yeah,
those nuns, like some super mellow part, like dude, you might have to recruit you as my
sit on my shoulder or something.
She'd be like, oh, you know what?
And I think it's like, the truth in the song, too, is that she's like, in this put-in situation,
she gets into this performing arts school, and it's like, oh, this is it.
This is, I'm going to make it now.
And this is like this teacher, Mr. Karp, who's a dick, spoiler.
And he teaches the improv class or whatever, where she's supposed to feel all this stuff.
I'm going to make it now, not to interject, but because the idea of getting accepted to
a school, that comes from a place of, oh, well, these people need to be pleased.
And once they're pleased, you're fucking set.
You're going to Hogwarts, you're going to be a wizard.
But then, no.
So anyways.
Yeah.
And I don't know, I was also trying to get inside your head.
I was like, oh, man, once I started reading about how you think about story and stuff,
I don't know, those things just feel like puzzles a little bit or something, and it just draws
me and stuff that's like, okay, this isn't just about an entertaining story.
Just like not being able to sleep or that scientists don't understand sleep.
Just like Rick and Morty, there's way more there than you see on the first one or two
watch flues.
It's like there's something going on below the surface, and that's what people connect
to.
And in this song, what I connect to is she's like, shit, I don't care that he died.
I'm in full acceptance that I feel nothing.
I don't know.
But the day that you say, I don't care that this person died, that can be an incredibly
fucking...
But Mr. Karpak, the teacher in that is telling all these students, pretend that you're cold
and pretend that you're hot and pretend that you're this.
And everyone else is doing it, and she thinks they're all lying.
I think it's all bullshit, and when this guy that was a professional bullshit artist
dies, it doesn't mean anything to her.
Her identity had nothing to do with these weird tasks that she was asked to do.
Yeah, I took it as empowering too.
She didn't do this, but that she slammed the coffin, and she's like, now I'm an actor.
Karpak off.
Well, there's...
I mean, if you think...
The job of acting is a psychotic job, whether it's an audience or cameras that are staring
at you, you have to be equally conscious of the fact that you are faking something as
you are, because if you really believed you were an ice cream cone, you'd turn your back
to the audience for the entire show, you wouldn't hit your marks, you wouldn't remember your
ice cream lines.
There's all kinds of reasons why you also simultaneously, in order to be so immersed
in all this stuff, you also have to be so hyper-conscious of where your head is, or even
more so with the cameras instead of the audience.
That's the interesting thing I think about the lyrics of that song, is that it seems
like it's a writer exploring actually just kind of just two different acting schools
and how they kind of crisscross their dichotomies, like can bisect each other to the point where
you go, oh yeah, okay, so you have to pick one that you're happy with, because hers turns
out to be, you know what, I'm the person that's capable of forgetting what the fuck anybody
thinks, and that could lead to really good acting, because my calluses, my barrier that
I have around myself, whether I like it or not, will allow me to plow through a terrible
showing of Speed the Plow, even though there's three people in the audience, I don't know
why I'm going into her biography of weird timeline, but I'm just saying there's different kinds
of good actors, and she's confident at the time of singing that song, and what I'm
talking about.
Drew, you said you had trouble sleeping yourself, right?
You have anxiety and that keeps you up?
Yeah, yeah.
Does you doing this podcast kind of busy up your day and occupy a part of your mind that
allows you to rest, or do you still go to sleep with the same trouble that you're trying
to assuage in other people?
I think it makes me more aware, and I think the thing about the podcast is like, oh, that
I'm not the only person suffering from that, so I mean, that's the main message I want
to get across to the podcast, is like, okay, I'm not going to come to your house and read
you a story, or...
To steal your tarp.
Yeah, yeah.
I've wrapped myself in the tarp, but that, like, not being able to sleep sucks, and since
I can relate to that, I may not understand what other people are going through that can't
sleep, but like that.
You've had people say to you that this really helps.
That must feel great.
I'm dead inside, though, so it's kind of...
Oh, you feel nothing.
You feel nothing.
But it's almost like if you look at your emotional connection to them as like water, then this
would be like infusing it with like a fruit, a fruit flavor.
Oh, yeah, like fruit flavored water?
Yeah, like a...
Like with a little fruit in there?
It's almost like a...
It sounds like you're talking about...
It sounds like a dream.
It sounds like you're talking about hint water.
Oh.
Oh, shit, that's something I have experience with personally.
I had the apple flavored one.
You did?
Oh, yeah.
No, it was great.
Spencer, tell me about your personal experience with hint water, apple flavor.
I had the apple flavored one.
No, seriously, it was great.
I had it.
They sent it to us.
It tasted like apples.
Oh, boy.
I had it.
I had a watermelon one.
It's like watermelons, real fruit flavor, not this, you know, fake, preservative, unnatural
flavor stuff.
It's not like water that's had like some syrupy goo added to it.
No, it tastes like...
That's actually the cool part, and this is a real advertisement because I'm trying to
convince you guys of something, but it actually is cool that it's like a fruit flavored beverage
that's not overbearing in any way, exactly as refreshing as water, but just has the
a lot of fruit.
Wasn't it?
Spencer, I mean, I don't want to come off like I'm reading the highlighted portions
of this piece of paper that I have here, but Spencer, it sounds like you just ad-libbed
the intro with the personalized story that will resonate with our audience.
And I will add to that.
I agree.
When I tasted the hint water, I had got the distinct impression that it was invented by
a woman that had just had her fourth child.
You're talking about Cara Gold.
Cara Gold.
Of course.
And not because I'm reading this off of the paper.
No, because she's the hint water person.
I personally invested in her story.
Not because they highlighted everything you have to say, and then it's at the following
points, and it includes her entire biography of having four children and then taking...
She got sick of diet soda because it didn't have that crisp, refreshing water taste I
was telling you about in that great intro.
She was bored.
She was bored with the liquids in her life.
Water is boring, Nan.
Water is boring, but what are my options?
Hint water.
That's the whole point of what we're doing.
You've got to eat that mic, Joe.
Eat that mic.
Hint water.
Wait, Jeff, you're not on mic.
You're off mic.
Where can I get hint water?
Where can I get some of this water?
Oh, shit.
Where can you get it?
Well, it's funny.
You can get a single variety pack shipped right to your door, including three bottles
of each of Hint Water's four most popular flavors.
Want to guess what the four most popular flavors are?
Pregnancy.
Diet Coke.
Escape from...
No.
Apple.
Apple's one.
Crisp apple.
Watermelon.
Oh, watermelon.
Pineapple and blackberry.
Normally $24.
Probably $15 if you go to drink.com slash Harmontown.
I'm dying with that.
Drink.com.
No, no.
Drink.
Hint.
happy to see it when we see it, but until then, bite your time.
Scientists are working right now to find other planets that not only have liquid water, but
have liquid water with flavor.
Fused with fruits.
Fused with fruits, because we found, there's so many planets right now that probably are
in the Goldilocks zone where there would be liquid water, but we think because we live
in such an infinite galaxy and universe that some of them are going to be blackberry flavored.
And they have, they have actually found a lot of planets with flavored water, but they
all contain preservatives or sugars, so it's like worthless.
And calories.
The calories are crazy.
It's crazy.
What's the point?
Yeah.
But until we have the ability to travel to these distant watermelon and pineapple flavored
planets.
Right.
You can just go to, drink H-I-N-T.
They delivered your house.
They fucking bring in how heavy water is, you don't have to carry it.
All right, I think that's all the points.
I actually, I actually heard they found a planet where it, what it did have no sugar
and all that stuff, but also then they passed it by because it, it didn't offer the discount.
Oh yeah.
That you get when you.
Yeah.
Because it goes more than $24.
No, because that planet still charged $24.
$24, which is not a bad price for, like, good water.
You go to drinkhint.com at Harmontown, you're, you're, you're saving.
You're $9.
You're an astronaut.
Yeah.
Financially.
No, you're, you're the, you're the Neil Armstrong of, of water excitement.
Water's boring.
Not anymore.
Hint water.
I like, I like that hint water, hint, hint water.
Hint water is just putting a fucking straight up hit on water.
They're trying to take down big, big water.
They're just really biting the hand that feeds you when you're hint water.
I mean, yeah.
If you look at the ingredients of hint water, a watermelon genetically is 99% water and
you don't hear watermelons going, fuck this fucking water.
So you are, we're water.
We are water.
Yeah.
We biologically, we lunged ourselves onto the shore.
We are, our, our plasma is really identical to, to sea water.
It's like a scuba tank that we brought with us.
We think, oh, you get stabbed in a Halloween movie and there's blood coming out.
Oh, that's gross.
It's just sea water.
Joey.
It's like a, it's like a, it's like a scuba tank.
Could you pick a tarot card for what you think the reincarnation of hint water or who, who
hint water is the reincarnation of?
Well, uh, Cara Goldman's past life.
Is that?
Cara Goldman.
Yes.
Okay.
Wow.
Golden.
There we go.
Yes.
Like, sing, golly, golly, golly.
Please don't make me drink my last water.
I just, I felt like the whole time we went, that Joey's been up here, that an awesome
rendition of Jesus Christ superstar was just about to break out.
Are you a fan of musicals, uh, Drew?
Joey.
Well, I'm sorry.
Why?
I mean, that one just hit home, like, because I was actually in, in a car with somebody
listening to that song and I'm like oh shit I feel nothing like and I was like
oh man like so it kind of cut deep I guess so if I said I love you I'd say
oh man I'm hungry like you semi-jungly said that you're you're you're you're
dead inside that you have a numbness to you I mean is it true or is it just you
kind of comedically deflecting stuff I would say it's an issue I have probably
like it's because you have a history of not you what you've noticed while you're
taking data is that the responses that you're capable of giving are are being
received by other people you're getting you're getting returned data from them
that's saying that response was less than different than more than I expected
and you are keeping score for yourself and you're going like yeah I'm not that
good at this people thing yeah I mean I think like with that not to go back to
the Halloween side but it's like oh is there a way Dan's supposed to reply to
that first text like and it's like and then you're like oh well should I I'm
gonna I'm glad you just be yourself like yeah I just fucking went to just locked
horns with her like a fucking ram and then she's like twisting like oh shit
who's gonna win like but but yeah I just I well I just like it's this idea of
dead inside like I don't know when we had Steve Silverman on who like we wrote
this amazing book called Neurotribes which is about neurodiversity doesn't
have to do with like oh you have Asperger's you are autistic you are in
the spec like like it's just like like like like can we embrace this concept of
neurodiversity where there's it's like now that the internet's here and we're a
more text-based society what we're I think we're coming into a realization
that oh a lot of humanity doesn't necessarily have this like total average
facility there's almost artificial construct of normality when you run
into somebody in public and you oh you're learning their names and you have
like people trouble with names and faces and nervous and I don't know like I I
just like it like like this idea I feel like the idea of being dead inside the
idea that oh this person doesn't doesn't have empathy and all that stuff like it's
it's like it's archaic language like it's it kind of it's it's problematic as
the kids would say like because it's it takes you into a zone of you're either
Chattner or your or your Leonard Nimoy like you're I don't know why I use the
actors names yeah you're either Kirk or your spot like you're either like oh I'm
gonna fly in through the windows and fuck a green lady and like like like that's
how I saw I saved the universe with my dick because I love feeling and that's
and then or you're either that or your spot and like I don't understand and it's
like the whole like nerd face thing of like a spot you have feelings and stuff
it's like come on what what what is a feeling what does it even mean like like
you at the end of your podcast you sit and thank a thousand people people
anybody who tweets you you like people they're messaging you and going oh my
band's playing and like you you you you sit there and like go go like oh you go
go see this guy's band and like all this shit you're pathetic you're a sappy
sock it's a good thing I'm dead inside you're dripping in feelings like just
like just from a different angle you just have to get the glint like you're
because it's a it's a it's a responsibility to other people I'm drunk
yeah I think what you're like I get drunk at this point they think about the
internet is like that it gets all this like you're seeing with the neuro
diversity it's like oh wait like I'm not the only freak out there like I guess I
would classify myself as a spaz if we're in the Ferris Bueller spectrum of like
the social disorders but like then you realize like like I started the
podcast and I was like huh I wonder if there's anybody out there that wants some
weird-ass bedtime stories and then I was like oh wait there are and then it was
like then they then they started telling people and it's like I guess what
you're saying is like I can hear that because it's like oh yeah like who gives
shit how like I can't respond perfectly to everything like yeah just because
that's not just because if somebody came over for a cup of sugar you wouldn't
like say the right thing isn't the right queue it doesn't mean you it's like no
I'm fucking busy with my other thing that I connect with people through a
different channel like that's what a painter is or a furniture maker or what
do they call the guys that bring the mail a mail bringer
yeah but I think those postal workers there's an expression going postal it
means to to give your your feelings a different outlet yeah but like with the
dichotomy thing like if you only can fit into these two boxes I think that's
like half the reason why everybody feels so alone I mean other than the shit you
think about when you're lying in bed like okay but but like then if you're like
oh wait like yeah there's a ton of other people that fit into this box with me or
the box doesn't have walls or whatever but then when you're like oh do you like
the guy with the bad hair like are you for America are you against America it's
like what the fuck like I'd like the idea that he was like I find myself alternating
like equally offended the idea that that he represents bad people and shit
like like because it's like fuck you he's a shitty bad person like he's bad at
being shitty like I get mad I'm like he's a bad Nazi he's a bad fascist like
like Hitler would have done way better but that but by now like it's like he
doesn't even know what he's doing like you can't even do it right like you're
bad Hitler I want to like tweet at him you're bad Hitler wrong you're a bad
wrong yeah well such a nasty man
nasty man such a nasty man but but the it's funny like the dichotomy thing
though I would have been a great Hitler I would have been great I have so many
people right now right now if you if you go on all the I would build a wall out
of Jews Hitler I've killed more Jews I'm killing more Jews the Slavs would have
paid for all of the Nazis say I'm the best they say I'm a better Nazi than a
Nazi yes I have all of the you're gonna do a great great Stalin grab would have
fell to fall so fast your head would have spun it's gonna be true it's true
believe it's true half Reich it's gonna be I would have so many rights there
would have been a million Reichs each Reich would have lasted for 10 million years
we're gonna be we're gonna invade China they have a great wall but the it's
funny how sometimes dichotomy you can't just count it either it's not as easy as
saying oh it's like gluten so let's do away with dichotomy we use it all the
time to get to the bottom of shit it's like well look let's step back from this
and look at one of two paths here either we're gonna do this or we're gonna do
that it's such a healthy thing to do most half of the time probably half of
the time and then and then the probably half the time probably most of the time
probably the best times you're either building a wall and you're not building
wall but but the the other half of the time it's like I was sitting there like
I was watching Cody like crumbled to the floor during the debates and scream when
he said nasty woman like like when he at all of the things it's like it's like
nails on a chalkboard then I'm noticing myself going like baby he's not gonna
win and then she goes like I know and then I'm thinking like oh well why are
you fucking being dramatic then and then and then later on she's like upset
again and I go like I thought you said you knew he wasn't gonna win and she's
like I just said that because you made me feel stupid earlier I'm like I wasn't
trying to make you feel stupid I was trying to make you feel safe I don't
know that he's not gonna win I'm just being a man I'm just being a man I was
like and it was like crazy meta thing like I was being a man I was trying to
like pat her on the back during the debates and tell her the orange man's
not gonna win like that's my job as a man during debates and it's like I was
like so you then you go outward on that Fibonacci curve and you go like well
okay so like somewhere along it's just like well when he's not gonna win and
and he can't win and and and that doesn't but and but here's the what do
you want a five-party system you got it you probably stay pretty apolitical
also what do you do about tonality that's what I was gonna ask you it's
tough because you had you had you had to put a warning on your episode it was a
hairpin turn man well hairpin turn next to the LeBray at Tarpet everyone
very everyone very values it bigly but you you had to put a little swear words
warning on your episode of mine what how do you how do you freely like just be
yourself and then like where do you stand in terms of why aren't you just
saying shit and fucking yeah it's like like it's tough like not being able like
it's like okay try to avoid talking about the election all because people are
gonna go apeshit like it like I guess it's like keeping in mind somebody's
lying in bed and like sometimes it's gonna be like a grandmotherly like woman
and like I always that's why I like take so much time to kind of explain that the
podcast is kind of weird because I always like think of this like this little
old lady putting on like her shawl and putting on well she told me to listen to
the podcast and then it's like what the hell is he talking about like why is he
love abortion so much yeah I'm trying to get some sleep do you do a little like
Proviso at the beginning like you do like do an explainer at the top of each
episode or you kind of just get right into business it's kind of like there's
like this 12-minute intro at least where it's almost like its own show where I
just like ramble on and on like okay this is the podcast but you sleep it's
like a like I was thinking about water the other day and and I was drinking a
water oh wait sorry I'm in the middle of podcast intro and then isn't water
too boring I mean I was wishing I had like apple flavored water can we lower
the lights for a minute and just have you just like like relax and have you
just treat us to the cadence that you usually use I just want to give people a
taste also everybody take your shirts off do we wait it's too late to ask for
any like wind chimes back there anything you don't usually you don't use
anything like that 30 seconds for wind chimes 29 28 well this brings up a good
thing like with wind chimes it's like when you go to a wind chimes store do
you think about like what's your favorite bamboo wind chime what's your favorite
wind chimes store in town I like wind chimes wind chimes wind chimes like I
don't know and then it's like you want a bigger small or the ones that are like a
xylophone because then it's like well then when that person comes home they're
gonna wrap running their hands across the stupid xylophone and it's gonna drive
me nuts so maybe I'll just get the bam but I hate those bamboo wind chimes and
like like I try to lie there and think about yeah the wind chimes I used to
hear when I was on that dock that one time like lying there on that dock the
dock was bouncing up and down and I was staring at the clouds and I was just
I was like man like those wind chimes are gonna wake my dad up he's gonna go
apeshit so I got off the dock and walked up to the house and I was walking up the
dock and I stopped at the dock and then I looked in the water there was a fish
there and I was looking at the fish and I remember that time that guy was down
there at the bottom way down all the way down and then I was thinking like how
did he get on that spaceship that one time like because I was watching that
one where he's on the spaceship and his mask was different and like I was I was
like man like how do you get a new mask like is that like was that some kind of
interstellar shit like and then it was interstellar like what if what if he got
sucked into a black hole and then and then he'd like and then my dad dropped
his beer in the back and I said oh shit better be quiet and not talk over these
wind chimes but I was like I was thinking about like a guy was his name
his name like see this would be the pack as I couldn't say Freddie one for
Jason that's it Voorhees like if I've known any Voorhees before because
Voorhees is a great Voorhees like Voorhees I started hearing things and then I
started I started feeling angry like it was the wind chimes they kept going
ringing over and over I'm never going to sleep again
This is a nightmare. I never get to kill people. He usually works in a room.
I just picture a lot of grandmother's just wide awake. This is this is the end.
But is there a guiding principle that keeps you from as you said when you
picture that old woman with the shawl which which which which let's use here
as a symbol of like that's a reason to not get political that's a reason to not
use profanity how is that what what compass do you is there like a guiding
principle that keeps you clear of all of that no and like I find like using
perfect like I guess I struggle with that because it's like I think some
people when you swear it makes them feel more connected like like this vanilla
icing of everything like actually I think excludes people or me giving
everything normalcy it's like oh my podcast is not normal like it's not
like it's like I struggle with like oh people like I can't believe you swore
I'm never listening again and then I feel ashamed or whatever but then I'm
like well like I think there's four probably four thousand people that feel
like oh finally someone's swearing on a sleep so in your in your day-to-day life
the person that you are if I'm hanging out with you and how often are you
saying the word fuck shit and whatnot because I'm saying it every other word
I mean probably pretty often like I mean so that's the confusing thing to me is
that you're being yourself like you're you're you're going to the you're going
down the mine that that I'm going down but you're somehow but you're kind of
putting one drew more of like a like not not a character but you're going into a
certain mode where you're like you if you had to put on the hat Dan of let's
make everybody feel relaxed you wouldn't you know you would you have kids I have
one kid yeah and so is it possible that maybe you're accessing that lobe where
you're like she's listening or is it your daughter I think it's like part of
it is like my internal critic is so loud and powerful and like so even when I
sit down to record the show like there's that that narrative track going like
don't fuck this up like like like so it's like I try to like just get to this
it's it unfortunately the podcast doesn't track like translate to my
regular life where I can be like oh man go ahead and cut me off like like but
like so like to counteract my critic it's like I just it's the same part that
people fall asleep to I think because they're critic or that aggressive part
of themselves is what's poking at them like as soon as you get in bed it's like
why didn't you get this done today why why why did you piss your pants like you
know it's like and then you're like like like the person starts to like buy
into that story and they just start listening at story so it's like I'm
there and I'm like well here's another story you can listen to it doesn't
really make a lot of sense it doesn't really go anywhere and I think like at
the same time I'm like trying to tell I'm like listen dude we're just making a
podcast put people asleep here like this isn't like a fourth draft to something
like when I asked you when I said earlier that must make you feel good that
you help people deal with their insomnia or go to sleep when you said no I feel
nothing but like do you feel like this is a benevolent thing you're doing or
not not why you're doing it is it's more just you getting something off of your
chest or do you how important is it that you might be helping other strangers up
I mean it could be impact unpacked by like psychologists like I think part of
it is like really narcissistic like that when I was a kid I couldn't sleep and I
lied there in bed miserable and I didn't feel like I was like alright you're on
your own to deal with this and I can't go back in time to fix that you know so I
think like if like a cold-ass psychiatrist would be like oh well
that's just what you're trying to do just trying to go back but I guess like it
is cool like if I hear from somebody like that has like PTSD like from some
something that happened I guess I do feel stuff sometimes like it's like holy
shit like this silly thing I'm doing can help distract you from something that's
horrific or does that warm you up a little bit like how do you
absorb that that compliment or do you just stick it in the drawer somewhere and
think deal up deal with it later yeah I guess I try to put it in like this
basket of like okay this this is this is this real like am I really helping
people I was just putting it in a bin that's like okay so that's like a
firewood pile like called I won't get kicked out of society for that amount
of time yeah every time someone writes and says like I you helped because this
feely feely thing and then I got like a good so you'll have my back when they're
about to throw me off a cliff it is really weird like like from Harmontown
and from like like doing other comedy shows like who's lying like people walk
up and they say hey like it's really common like strangely common that people
come up and say like you helped me through a really hard time like I was
sick or I was in hospital or my mother was going through a thing like and
people have they like these really intense connections to the stupid thing
that we're like I mean and not that this is stupid but it is stupid like we're
just words it's irresponsible and we don't think about it we just show up
half drunk and do this thing but but people like have these weird connections
to it and when they say you really helped me through some major shit and my
instinct is to go you gotta get out more like and deflect that but really
that's like that's a major thing to unload but it's also it also doesn't
you can't like translate it in anything that starts with your value like I
always I've come to look at it like if you were in a pool and people are just
grabbing you that's a bad example because someone's gonna drown but but like if
you're in the dark or everyone's on ecstasy it's a confusing party you're
in a hey maze or something like somebody somebody grabbing you and saying I'm so
glad you're here I'm so glad I ran into you I remember you from before by the
entrance to the hey maze and and I was with my girlfriend I don't know if you
remember her but I lost her and like I just seeing you like reminds me but I
do you kind of like you you were like oh so we are catchers in the ride I didn't
read the book I tried to make this I just I got a hundred on the test and
it's just like click on alienation yeah I got it but but but I think it's
something about that like it's like like like like you're running into each
other and people are expressing that like it's not it's not oh you're you did
something good you like your snake oil is better than other snake oil it's like
oh when you put yourself out there when you get onto the dance floor even if
you're doing a silly dance even if you're that sooner or later you get to
experience the sensation of dancing with other people that they will have
someone will go yay I like I like you're I'm so glad you're out here because
these weddings suck yeah I mean I think it's like the other thing I mean it
makes me think of two things one is like also connects you like you're like well
shit I know what it's like to lie there I might not know what it's like to have
PTSD but I know what it's like to lie there over you will now yeah like I
peteed him but all right I you tea tea you pre-teed him TB TB you pre-teed his
SD all right TB TB teed we'll figure it out later but I mean the other thing is
people don't get credit for being nice like it's like all the people that say
thank you for shit like everybody's always heaping on and I mean I guess I'm a
cynical person too but it's like I've been blown away like you're saying that
people will come up to like that people are thankful like it's like no no when
we look at all this election shit and like oh how do you think about her like
it's like oh wait there's tons of people out there and they might even be people
that believe in the crazy like the other stuff but it's like that are saying like
thank you like I don't know it is definitely like making the show has made
me maybe like a softer person or been like man there is some good in the world
despite like like presuming there isn't or whatever I don't know when you do one
do you have that kind of sense of like some sort of sense of accomplishment or
just or just or is it simply just like oh I did one thing today that was semi or
possibly productive and so like I can rest a little easier it's more like I
guess if I have like one out of every 30 episodes or 40 episodes and I like I
feel like like damn that came out good even if it's not good like I don't know
like once every 40 episodes I'll have one done I'll be like oh like that felt
really good like and I don't care like I can make it another 40 episodes I'm
curious though because like I get so I'm so into detail like almost to the point
of distraction that I don't know that I would fall asleep I think that I was
like where's he going this or even if you're not anywhere that's okay like
that's I think that's part of the interesting thing is that as we said
the beginning if a doctor tells you to chew on a straw like the straw chewing
is just gonna it sends you into this weird thing and like he's like hey
listen by the way if you also if you find yourself very focused on what I'm
saying you know that's okay too you're not doing it wrong you may fall asleep
to something else Joey are you a good sleeper are you are you a oh yes I I
sleep all the time
there's the best well I think if we can pack both into five minutes each I would
say one thing I would like to try is Joey could you give us a tarot reading
for next week's episode I guess do you ever do you ever do you do am I abusing
you by asking you to pre-cog like is that no I'm sure that the spirits are
willing you know so good with with spirits here's a cynical question Joey
while you're going through that yeah your positivity which you seem to exude
oh thank you I knew you're gonna say that it's not an act at all now I'm
being dichotomy guy like this is like you're not pushing down some other
like rage part of yourself or are you actually this this groovy like for real
oh I'm a I'm a good Mormon boy that's that's a thing right the Mormons I went
to high school with with the coolest like they were like they seemed to be the
most well adjusted like they like their families and shit no yeah that's that's
definitely part of it and there are a couple weird ones yeah well no
definitely there are the weird ones so so being being nice is is a virtue but
being someone who likes people is a gift and so if you like people it's easy to
be nice yeah there you are but liking people is a skill oh well because I
like people I like strangers but also I can be really misanthropic like like
like the flip of a coin like like like people can be like when I'm driving
everyone's an enemy and then but then I could be at the airport and just be in
certain mood where I'm very philanthropic and really into everybody but do you go
through that too are you are you do you have you mastered a skill where you can
like your equanimous to just all things at all times well cannabis helps I want
you to have a podcast because your voice is soothing as fuck we have the
pulpit it's just a you know something we're doing in Utah we've had like 20
episodes and and we're so excited to have earth shine Jane on this oh yeah so
we we get into all kinds of fun little esoteric things that may inadvertently
put people to sleep but we would encourage anybody to just keep a dream
journal about what they dream about after they listen to the podcast because we
need as many insights as possible because we're trying to predict to the end
of the world and and hence the tarot and I don't really have a a trained use of
these cards but oh good okay yeah that's that's the last thing we would have
wanted just gets in the way of the way the education the educational
inhibit the genius that's that's that's exactly so we'll let them fall where they
may
are you on the floor yeah they just kind of stayed in a pile so we'll choose that
indicates well see now if you hadn't told me I would have thought you'd
studied this your whole life so and you had asked me earlier about the creator
of hint water and once again that's Kara golden yes yes so the card that came
up is queen of cups so compliment nice to your car and get that hint water
portion that's right so you're probably gonna mention hint water again is what
the cards are saying that's that's what I'm getting oh really yes and it looks
like the past life of Kara golden is Pamela Goldman Smith the creator of the
tarot deck because I think I forgot to take this part out then your card is
Joker my card is Hoyle's rules of poker right show has just become in a good way
it's just become Carson we're just a guy with a lizard's coming out next to
Joan Embry is gonna come out or a lady with a lizard nice save you can you're
getting so good at these thank you after thoughts yes these I call them cap
doffers I'm learning now our president's gonna be a space lady and I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna add or maybe it's a lady yet to the end of every
expression I guess all right well so then I guess the last thing to do is to
try to do if we can possibly accomplish it what we do is like a sleep a sleepy
rap and then but then the bridge is like and then if we can is there any way to
go from the rap beat to then the and then the wind chime silence and let and
let and let drew just feel like so I go so I do some rapping and then and then I
and then it goes into wind chimes and and drew like talks for a little bit
probably like about what I rapped about and then I and then it goes back into me
rapping and so on until 10 p.m. can I lie on the floor that's perfect yeah I
think it I think it would be rude of us to not let you do that I don't know how
I expected him to lie on the floor but it wasn't that
right absolutely yeah yeah and and and you were pleasantly surprised right like
like you didn't know it was gonna be that adorable and take up that little space
like he turned into a little sleepy like a French children's book
illustration all right so oh man a crowd's gone wild yeah it's a oh shit
it's the banner from the boot since house all right yo yo yo exactly a beat on
us man yeah sleepy rap beat Zach yeah yeah Zac McKeever on the beats back
I'm gonna go to sleep sleepy sheets sleepy blankets and it's weird with me
I'm gonna go to sleep hold it whoa my name is emcee sleep okay oh shit it's emcee
sleep y'all thank you thank you it's about to get drowsy thank you I was
just warming up it's all right all right you ready emcee sleep yes thank you
y'all ready for emcee sleep that was just a warm up yeah yeah okay emcee
sleep yo yeah drowsy yo yo yo drowsy yo oh so horrific okay okay yo okay here
we go yo emcee sleep if you're not feeling it man we can do it we can do
it no no no I'm fucking sleepy just give me a second you see my little hi yeah
I don't fuck with me I'm the fucking master of sleep I don't know I'm gonna keep
on the beat you're gonna give a sheep from the jump over the fence into your
mind to keep I'm gonna shoot your ass when you go to sleep because your soul
helps me sleep I suck your soul from your body and it makes me sleep you
motherfucker I count your ass like sheep okay let me just wait was warm up to do
you help us do you help us go to sleep or you just give me a second give me a
fucking time to focus so much shit going on during the day I need to fucking
relax and rap I'm just worried about you have these leave I've never seen you
like this yeah well you're worried tends to make me worry okay so just let me
fucking focus head on the pillow pillow on the bed I fucked your mama so hard
she almost lost her head foot post head post in the bedroom I went to Halloween
I saw her on a broom she's a witch not a bitch she's my lady I fucked your mom
because my name is McGrady I'm Irish my name is John the Grady I'm in the
backyard in your window what you never told me you're Irish
MCs sleep
why is there a window in my backyard just take it easy it wasn't me I don't know what
you're talking about that wasn't me in your backyard you're deflecting your
deflecting what's the next day at work
my name is McGrady I work in the mail room I'm not a creepy person at all I
wasn't in your backyard I got a little car it goes real far I go to my name is
Jamie Farr I was on mash I played clinger when I eat your mama's pussy the
feeling lingers she comes hard she comes real slow she comes next week and
then she grows as a person my kind of linguist is spiritual I fucked your mama
in a heeled jewel a heeled jewel that I rhyme spiritual with heeled jewel seems
like a forced rhyme MC sleep I don't know pretty fucking amazing if I if I
committed to it it seems like a crudely shoehorn
okay yo yo yo shoe, hat, shirt, bat, salt, ketchup, you're fucked, you're fucked, rhyme, ketchup
All right, starting over, MC Sleep yo, is MC Sleepy gonna put you out of the sleep, yeah, again, yeah
Okay, all right, here we go, all right, yo, well my name is Sleepy, Sleepy's Jim
I'm gonna come into your house after him I sound the same but I'm a
different guy I'm Sleepy Jim and I'll tell you why when he was born he was a
juvenile offender and I used to hang out with him and play defender in his
parents basement and then we were united at the soul and now I follow him
around and try to keep him on a roll but he victimizes people he stands in
their backyards and looks in their windows and it's creep so I try to
counsel him sort of like a sponsor in AA if that makes you understand it this
isn't this is bad okay yeah Sleepy Jim, Sleepy Jim in the house
MC Sleepy, I'm MC Sleepy and I'm here to say I'd like to sleep longer than you
do today I'd like to get 16 hours if I can I don't have much work to do so I feel
MC Sleepy, I'm too bad to get sleepy
I like to have a lots of sleep
I put my dick on a ship, and I send it from the harbor to invade itself.
I got two dicks, two chips, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck,
Maybe it's not your night tonight, and just...
Come on, no, don't!
What time is it, bruh?
Shit, it's so fucking late.
Like so much to do in the morning.
Yo, I love to rap.
My name is Sleepy Rapper, and I love to rap.
I'm not gonna make it very complicated,
and not gonna do the things that we hated.
I'm just gonna rap.
My name is Sleepy Rapper.
Fuck!
Thank you for coming to Harmon's Hand, everybody.
Wait, wait! No, no, no, no!
No, let it go, Sleepy Rapper.
No, no, no.
No, get some rest.
You can't do that. You always do that.
Here's some melatonin.
I'm just gonna...
I'm gonna commit to doing my part bad,
and then Drew's gonna do his part.
Again, so I'm just gonna do a couple of bars.
We don't serve breakfast, Sleepy Rapper.
Go back to sleep.
Serial pillows.
I like to rap about sleepy pillows.
It doesn't matter if I rap good or bad,
cause now Drew's taking over.
These are what I had for breakfast.
The pancakes and blueberries.
I fucked your mama cause her pussy was hairy,
but I'm not judging her for that.
There's no body shaming that happens here.
That's not it. That's not gay.
Sleeping with the ladies driving in his little car,
peeping in windows every place,
but he's gonna call up to your window and say,
little buddy, hey, wait, wait.
He's fine sleeping. He's not peeping.
He's got his little car and he's driving down the street,
driving down the street.
It's just peeping in windows,
driving down the car, driving down the car.
And then he says, well, let me turn here.
That's my car.
Thank you for coming to Harlem Town.
Going to sleep.
Let's hear it for Joey, the reincarnated Joseph Smith from Provo.
Spencer Crittenden.
Drew Ackerman.
MC Sleepy.
Sleepy Jim.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Let's hear it for your Mayor Dan Harmon, everybody.
All right. Drive fast. Take chances.
You get any of that?
It's a good show.